he'll be able to understand had nobody
then tribulation cannot come your way
any more powerfully then it comes
through somebody else
fabulo means to rub the wrong way nobody
can put you in a place of distress or
nothing to put you in a place of
distress like people nothing can pass to
kill you like nothing can put you in the
face of famine and dryness like people
nothing can leave you step and uncover
to head like someone that you trusted
nobody can have your life oh and in
peril haha like people and nobody can
use a sword to cut your throat and stab
you in the back like people listen to
what he says these things that come
against you they would suggest that we
are sheep for the slaughter all the day
long
once this we are killed for thy sake yea
just above I notice now that there is a
word that is particular to the Pauline
writings and it is the word I Paul uses
it as being credited to us abraham
believed god and it was counted as
righteousness so he says what the enemy
does is what you're going through to
your account
like you're not going to make it ha ha
but somebody oughta shot we're more than
conquerors ah one writer says of Dante
when he wrote in the inferno he says the
hell of despair is the strange work that
love does with in order to open us up
for its own work justification of him
who is unjust in quote I have what he's
really trying to say is this he
it is a sign of God's love you it does
not win he is the master script
but you always
get out of here the power of your
perspective the power of your God is not
with you
god